[STATE SECURITY A] Pardon me.
ID and invitation, sir.
Ah, Mister Hamilton.
Please go on ahead.
[NARRATOR] Eden College's
premiere social gathering.
A traditional get-together
held every half-term,
open only to Imperial
Scholars, their parents,
and a handful of alumni.
Effectively, a meeting
of the nation's
political and financial leaders,
prominent scholars,
engineers, artists,
and athletes.
The lineup is always impressive.
[ATTENDEE A] The security is
as intense as ever this year.
To be fair, there's a lot
of VIPs in attendance.
But having the State
Security Service here
does make me a little nervous.
[TWILIGHT]
The security is on par
with that of a summit meeting.
I'm prepared of course,
but it is a bit of a shock.
This'll be difficult.
It would be a simple mission
if it weren't for
the whole Imperial
Scholar prerequisite.
But there's no point
in thinking about that.
If we were that lucky,
we wouldn't need Operation
Strix in the first place.
Every infiltration attempt
by Western agents
so far has failed.
And the more that happens,
the tighter security gets.
It's a moving target.
The venue is the
Tower of Wisdom.
One door in the front
and a handful of fixed
windows throughout.
There's a garden on the roof,
but any attempt to slip
through from above
would draw too much attention.
No viable ways in
from below, either.
At the lone entrance they do
a thorough identity check,
pat you down,
and pass you through
a cutting-edge
security detector.
Which rules out any
attempt to wear a disguise
or plant a listening
device on someone.
And since none of the nearby
buildings are taller,
there's no vantage
point for reading lips.
Perhaps there's a way to sneak
into the building days ahead.
No, that would pose
quite a risk, too.
Is there no way to get inside?
Well, with a little
bit of force,
I can make my way
into most anywhere.
But it would only work once.
If my mission were to
assassinate Desmond,
that would be an option
worth considering.
But the purpose
of Operation Strix
is continuous
interactions with him--
to get into his good graces
and extract information.
Even if I cleared all hurdles,
posing as someone else
could be disastrous.
[DONOVAN]
Well, hello again.
Uh. I actually wasn't
here last time.
[TWILIGHT] Famous people
would be easy to trace.
And children are
surprisingly perceptive.
You're so weird today, Papa!
[TWILIGHT] And if I went
as school staff or a waiter,
I wouldn't even be
able to speak to him.
I can't do anything
to arouse suspicion.
Desmond is extremely cautious,
so there's a possibility
he'd never attend again.
Looks like my best bet
is to interact with him
as Loid Forger.
All I can do for now is make
preparations for next time.
There will rarely
ever be a chance
to encounter Desmond
outside the tower,
but I'll look into
any possibilities.
[MATH INSTRUCTOR A] And with
that, class is over for today.
Remember, the social
gathering is this evening,
so the school will be closed.
Any students who
are not attending
should leave immediately.
I wonder what it's like.
Someday I wanna go, too!
I heard all kinds of
celebrities show up.
Apparently, the cosmonaut
Yachayka is giving a speech!
That actress Amy, too.
Whoa, are you serious?
Hey, Damian! Isn't
your dad a big deal?
Is he gonna be there?
Plus your older brother's
an Imperial Scholar, right?
It's so nice we only
have a half-day today.
Uh, Earth to Damian.
[DAMIAN] This is Damian
Desmond from Cecile Hall.
Could you connect me to
Demetrius Desmond please?
[DEMETRIUS]
What?
[DAMIAN]
H-Hey, Bro.
[DEMETRIUS]
What do you want?
[DAMIAN]
Uh, sorry. It's about tomorrow.
You're going to the
social gathering, right?
[DEMETRIUS]
Yeah.
[DAMIAN]
When you see Father,
could you tell him I was hoping
I could meet with him?
Like, after the event,
even if it's just for a minute.
I'll be waiting in the
courtyard of Library Two.
[DEMETRIUS] I'll tell him,
but don't get your hopes up.
Father's busy.
[DAMIAN]
Yeah.
[DEMETRIUS]
Is that all?
[DAMIAN]
Yeah.
[DEMETRIUS]
All right. Bye.
[GIRL H] Hey, can you
introduce me to your father?
My father's gonna pick
me up today, too,
so they can meet, 'kay?
What? No fair.
Hey, Damian, let me come, too!
Leave me alone.
[EWEN]
Lord Damian!
[ANYA] Is the Second Son gonna
meet with the evil boss today?
Hey, want to use this
time to go shopping?
[ANYA]
Okay.
Didn't win him over with
fashion, so new plan!
[ANYA] If you meet my papa,
good stuff'll happen.
[ANYA]
Oh?
[ANYA] I'll follow him and
fight the evil boss myself.
You've been even weirder
than normal this week!
You sure know how
to creep a guy out!
Stop following me!
Hold on, Lord Damian.
You think she's after
you for something?
Uh. How do you mean?
Perhaps she wants to use you
to get in your
father's good graces.
[DAMIAN gasps]
Yeah! She's no different
than those other idiots!
You're such a stupid uggo!
Grow some legs, uggo!
Well, that's rude.
Don't ever come near me again!
You creepy gorilla-stalker-girl!
Okay, I think I should
pro'ly punch him again.
Great idea if you're
trying to get expelled.
[TWILIGHT] I was afraid she
still wasn't getting along
with Damian.
Plan B might be in trouble, too.
[ANYA]
Uh! Papa?
[TWILIGHT] Or is that her trying
to make friends with him
in her own strange little way?
I can appreciate that.
Anyhow, I need to
go follow Damian
in case he runs into his father.
[ANYA] Ah! Wait for me! We can
fight the evil boss together!
What? Let's go home!
Hey, are you going to
the meeting spot already?
Your father won't be there until
after the social gathering.
That won't be for a few hours.
[TWILIGHT] So he is meeting
with his father. Excellent.
[EMILE]
Since we're here,
should we get closer to the
venue and check it out?
Whoa. Kinda intimidating, huh?
So many Imperial Scholars!
I hope I don't pee my pants.
[EMILE]
And just think!
Even among all these VIPs, your
dad is like, super important!
Which means you are, too,
since you're his son!
Is something the matter?
I'm gonna tell Father
not to bother coming.
[EWEN, EMILE gasp]
[TWILIGHT]
What? That's not good!
[DAMIAN] You're right, my
father's amazing. And busy.
He doesn't have time to
waste on people like me.
I'll call my brother,
tell him to cancel the meetup.
[ANYA]
Not happening!
[DAMIAN] Thought I told
you to get lost, stalker!
I know you're scared.
Don't try to deny it.
[DAMIAN grunts]
[DAMIAN]
What's with her?
Is she reading my
mind or something?
[gasps] Uh, I mean that
you're scared 'cause, uh,
because I know that you
only got 50 points
on the last language
test we took.
[DAMIAN]
What? How'd you know that?
Wait, that has nothing
to do with this.
[ANYA chuckles]
[ANYA]
I peeked over your shoulder.
[BECKY] She's starting to
exhibit actual stalker behavior.
You're scared that your
dad's gonna find out
how bad you did on
your test, right?
I totally understand 'cause
I only got 17 points on it.
[DAMIAN] Those are very
different grades!
[ANYA] I don't really know
if my papa likes me or not,
so I'm a little scared, too.
He always gets mad at me.
[TWILIGHT]
Anya.
[ANYA] But... I believe in him,
because I love him.
And so...
I always show him
all of my tests,
even if I did really,
really bad.
What were we talking about?
Uhh...
Damn it!
Lord Damian,
where are you going?
[DAMIAN]
This is dumb.
[DAMIAN] I'm gonna wait for
Father in the courtyard.
[EMILE]
You changed your mind?
[DAMIAN]
Well, I'm not scared!
[ANYA]
Hmph.
[TWILIGHT] I'm not quite
sure what happened,
but well done, Anya!
Whatever you did worked
out in my favor!
Huh? You're waiting? Why?
My car's already here;
let's go home!
[BECKY] Wait, is she planning
to meet his parents
because she wants
to marry him someday?
You're really serious
about this. Good on you!
All right, Anya.
Then I'll wait here with you!
I wanna see the big moment
with my own eyes!
[BECKY]
Guess I was wrong.
She's not serious
about this at all.
Martha, carry Anya to the
car. We're going home.
Yes, that seems wise.
Maybe Anya's too much
of a free spirit.
Oh, goodbye, sir!
[TWILIGHT]
Yes, have a good one.
[BECKY]
Anyway, she was being so silly!
[TWILIGHT] I'm glad I thought
to make this replica.
[TWILIGHT]
Looks like it's over.
Now I know the security layout,
their equipment, and protocol.
Definitely worth it. Next up...
Yup. That's Desmond.
Let's see, where's he headed?
Got it.
[EWEN]
I wonder if they're almost done.
[DAMIAN]
Hmm...
Oh, sorry to interrupt.
But have you boys seen
a sheep key chain around?
Apparently, my daughter
loves that thing.
But she thinks she
dropped it nearby.
She begged me to
come look for it.
Oh, is this it?
It was on the ground.
[TWILIGHT]
Yup, that's it!
Thank you, you're a lifesaver!
Wait, isn't that her key chain?
Hey, old man, are you
Anya Forger's dad?
[TWILIGHT]
"Old man"?
I am.
Oh, you must be her
classmates, then.
Hold on, sorry if I'm wrong,
but would you happen
to be Damian Desmond?
Yep. That's me.
I'm so terribly sorry!
I feel horrible for what my
daughter did at orientation.
[DAMIAN]
Uh, okay.
[TWILIGHT] I went to your
house to apologize,
but you and your parents
must have been out.
It's been on my mind
all this time.
[DAMIAN] I mean,
I live in the dorms.
[TWILIGHT] I'm responsible
for my daughter's rudeness,
so I'm truly sorry.
Uh, it's fine.
[TWILIGHT] I would still like
to apologize to your parents.
[EMILE] Speaking of,
your dad's over there!
[TWILIGHT]
I'm sorry to do this, Damian.
But for the sake of my mission,
I'll be crashing your reunion
with Papa for a bit.
Father, you're--
[BODYGUARD A] Young Master,
who is that man?
Uh. Oh, he's my classmate's dad.
[TWILIGHT]
Um, hello.
You must be Chairman
Desmond, then.
Please, step back.
You need to leave.
It's fine. What's on your mind?
I've been meaning to apologize
for my daughter's rudeness
toward your son.
I've reprimanded
her for it since.
Oh, I skipped introductions.
Let's fix that.
My name is Loid Forger.
[WISE AGENT A]
Council Secretary Byron,
Colonel McNeill of
the national army,
Prosecutor Farnham,
Cosmonaut Yachayka.
Even the Chairman of
the National Unity Party
Donovan Desmond is there!
This private school
social gathering
is a gold mine of intelligence!
I know Twilight's
amazing and everything,
but shouldn't we be sending
him some kinda backup?
[SYLVIA]
Well, do you want to go?
Set foot in that building and
the State Security Service
will be all over you
in five minutes.
And they'll be torturing
information out of you
in a back room in 30.
Sending inexperienced agents
would be like serving them
up on a silver platter.
Don't forget, we're right in
the middle of enemy territory.
Right now, that school is the
front line of this cold war.
It's a pleasure.
I'm a doctor at a Berlint
Central Hospital.
And again, it's Loid Forger.
I would like to
formally apologize
for my daughter's violent
outburst on your son, Damian.
I'm sure it must have been
an upsetting experience
for him and your family.
[TWILIGHT] Chairman Desmond
of the National Unity Party.
I've studied everything
that might give me
insight into his life.
Quotes in newspapers, TV
broadcasts, books he's written.
But I've been unable to
learn much about his time
since he disappeared
from the public eye.
How can I get closer to him?
How can I get him to show
any interest in Loid?
What does he relate to?
What enrages him?
I'll have to find out
in this conversation.
And then, eventually,
learn the most important thing
of all: His plans for war.
[TWILIGHT]
I'm truly sorry.
And I would like to
visit your residence
to formally apologize
as well, if I may.
I see, so you're the father.
My staff informed me
about that incident.
I've been so busy I haven't had
time to address it. Apologies.
[DAMIAN] Wait a second,
he was worried about me?
Expect a gift soon.
I'll bring it myself.
Oh, there's no need for that.
It was merely a spat
between children.
Sure, but--
Father! A member of the Desmond
family was assaulted!
Doesn't that bother you?
I must admit,
I agree with your son.
Whatever the circumstances,
my daughter put
her hands on him.
I promise to make it up to you.
Really, it's all right.
I thank you for your
courtesy, though.
[TWILIGHT]
Instant rejection.
You are truly too kind.
Thank you, sir.
[TWILIGHT] Being too
persistent will backfire.
If he finds me
at all suspicious,
the operation's over.
Gotta be careful.
[DAMIAN]
But, Father.
[DAMIAN] So he really
doesn't care about me.
[DAMIAN]
It was humiliating!
My face even swelled up!
But you don't--
[DAMIAN] Why don't you care?
You should be angry for me!
[DAMIAN]
Uh, never mind. I'm sorry.
No, you have every right
to be angry, Damian.
We'll make sure this
never happens again.
On that, you have my word.
Though, to be honest,
my daughter's behavior
is so bizarre--
I just don't know how
to handle her sometimes.
[ALL]
Poor guy's got it rough.
[TWILIGHT]
Of course, I understand
that I'm responsible for her,
but I've become painfully aware
that it's impossible to
completely control kids.
We can't just assume that
because they're our children
they'll do what we want.
That's only going to end in
disappointment for everyone.
You understand. Raising
kids sure is a challenge.
I agree with you there.
They may share our blood,
but they aren't us.
They're essentially strangers.
And it's impossible to know
what a stranger is thinking.
In the end, people can never
truly understand one another.
[TWILIGHT]
Is that why you're using force
to bring other nations
to their knees?
Have I uncovered a core
belief, Desmond?
You couldn't be more
right about that!
[TWILIGHT] Specifically,
my field of study is psychiatry.
But sometimes, I wonder
if I'm able to understand
even half of what my patients
are truly feeling.
[TWILIGHT]
He's not wrong.
"Talking it out"
is idealistic at best.
It's almost arrogant to
assume that's even possible.
[TWILIGHT]
But...
The important thing is
to meet them in the middle
in spite of that.
Very little of what my
daughter says and does
makes any sense to me.
I'm gonna go free
some sugary hostages
at the candy store
with this coupon.
Oh, yeah? Good luck.
But by playing along, even when
I'm kind of flying blind,
it creates opportunities
for me to talk with her.
Not that it always works out,
but it's my preferred approach.
[TWILIGHT] I'll never stop
seeking to understand others.
I am a spy, after all.
[TWILIGHT]
You get it.
That's why you took time
out of your busy schedule
to meet with your
son today, isn't it?
Ah. Yes, I suppose
you could say that.
[TWILIGHT] And I know how much
you look up to your father.
Anya told me about it.
You remember.
You had an assignment
about possible careers.
[inaudible]
[TWILIGHT] Anya was very moved
by your presentation.
It was all she could talk
about when she got home.
[DAMIAN]
Really?
Did you ever get a
chance to hear it, sir?
[DONOVAN]
No.
Oh, my, that's such a waste.
I only heard it second hand
through my daughter,
but I could still sense how much
he respects and
understands your work.
It was touching.
He's quite the wise
and devoted young man.
Is that so?
[TWILIGHT] I must admit
that I've had some concerns
about the National Unity
Party's platform in the past,
but hearing about the passion
with which you look out
for our nation's interests
through your son's report,
well, it's made me want
to give it second chance.
In fact, I was thinking about
attending one of your lectures.
Maybe I'm too easily influenced.
But seriously. His report
was that impressive.
All right, that's enough.
Just stop, old man.
Heh. Sorry.
[DONOVAN] I have to say,
you're an interesting fellow.
What was your name again?
Ah, yes, Forger.
Oh, dear. Time flies when
you're having fun, they say.
[TWILIGHT]
I guess that's the end.
He knows my name now,
so I'll call that a win.
Plus, I've memorized his
security's faces and builds.
I'll leave you to your business.
Thank you for speaking with me.
Oh, and by the way,
would you do me a favor?
Let's keep the fact that we
spoke about Anya a secret.
She can be quite the
little contrarian.
I know it may seem that way,
but I don't think she
actually dislikes you.
I'd be grateful if you
two became friends.
Oh, well, uh...
It's not like I don't want to.
[EMILIE, EWAN]
Uh?
Shut up, forget it!
I don't have time for her!
And I don't hang with peasants!
Oof, that was hard to hear.
I'll just have to raise
our status, I guess.
Well, you take care.
Now then, what is it
you wanted from me?
Oh, it's, uh...
[DAMIAN]
Nothing.
[TWILIGHT] The important thing
is to meet them in the middle
in spite of that.
[DONOVAN] If that's the case,
I'll be on my way.
[ANYA] I don't really know
if my papa likes me or not,
so I'm a little scared, too.
I always show him my tests,
even if I did really bad!
[BODYGUARD B]
Sir, we should get going.
[DONOVAN]
You're right.
[DAMIAN]
Father!
I-I earned a Stella
on our midterms!
I know it's only one,
but I got really close
in other subjects, too.
But I got a 50 on my
language test the other day.
And... Oh! I got the grand prize
for my griffin sculpture!
And, uh, what else?
I see. Well, good for you.
Can I ask why you decided
to come today?
It was just a whim,
think nothing of it.
But, Damian,
continue working hard
so as to not shame the
Desmond name, won't you?
Okay!
[TWILIGHT] It wasn't
much of a conversation,
but I got a decent idea
of the relationship
between the Desmonds.
The closer they are
to each other,
the better it'll be for us
if we have to fall
back on Plan B.
As for the man himself,
that Donovan Desmond's
a tough nut to crack.
I'll just have to keep laying
the groundwork for now.
I need to take the intel
I gained today back to HQ.
[BOYS] Stella! Stella! Stella!
Stella! Stella! Stella...!
[TWILIGHT]
I'm back.
[YOR]
Welcome home, Loid.
She's been zonked out
since she got home.
Not totally sure why.
Special delivery for you.
Wait, Papa.
I'm gonna come fight
the evil boss with you.
[TWILIGHT] This girl doesn't
have a care in the world,
I swear.
And as usual, I have no idea
what she's talking about.